[16.0][IMP] quality_control_oca, quality_control_stock_oca (#1278)
OCA/manufacture: quality_control_stock_oca/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

Reviewer: Please make this section comprehensive and concise, instead of being so detailed on one of the configuration point.

> Configure a QC trigger in the product, product template, or product category to create inspections efficiently:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure a QC trigger in the product, product template, or product category to define the conditions for creating inspections:
```

* Trigger: Choose the trigger to activate the inspection process.
* Test: Define a group of questions with valid values for the inspection.
* Responsible: Assign a user responsible for the QC inspection.
* Partner: Optionally specify partners to limit the test to actions involving them.
* Timing: Determine when inspections are generated:
    * Before: On picking confirmation.
    * After: On picking completion.
    * Plan Ahead: On picking confirmation, generating a non-editable plan inspection that becomes executable post-picking completion.

> 
> This streamlined configuration ensures that QC inspections are created and managed effectively based on your specified triggers and conditions.

Reviewer: Let's remove this part as I believe that the intention is obvious.
```suggestion
```
